WoTSTATS#5557 (697107653821726730) privacy policy & data usage statement.

Wargaming token usage:

  WoTSTATS collects certain data in order to provide OAuth authentication between Discord & World of Tanks in order to enable in-depth features.

  Doing such, it utilises Wargaming.net OpenID, there is only one method to request a user token, so the fullsuite of access is granted every time.

  Their confirmation page lists the following:
  """Service will have access to your personal data including:
        user name;
        amount of gold, doubloons, credits and free experience;
        premium account expiration date;
        availability of associated phone number;
        friend list and groups of contacts;
        restricted clan information;
        list of player's vehicles including rented;
        details on destroyed vehicles;
        personal missions progress and available personal reserves in World of Tanks.
        Service will not have access to your email, password, and phone number."""

  WoTSTATS stores the a user's token encrypted, many functions of the Wargaming API have become defunct over the years, such as the ability to check friends, or whether or
  not there is a phone number on the profile.

  The only 'action' WoTSTATS can take with the token is to activate clan boosters, all other functions are 'read-only' type commands.

  The token is specifically invoked as above to activate clan boosters, check booster count, or retrieve credit/gold/bond/free XP totals upon a user invoking the /stats 
  command with no targetted player name, thus returning their own results.
  
  Upon utilising the /dauth command, the internal record of a discord users' discord to wargaming ID & token is deleted from the internal database but may persist in backups
  for up to 7 days.

  WoTSTATS complies with Wargaming data deletion requests (where a user has requested Wargaming delete all their data) within 2 buisness days of recieving deletion requests.

Discord data usage:

  WoTSTATS logs commands that are run in order to facilitate error checking. This encapsulates the member who sent the command, and server it was sent in.
  Where the developer is also in that server, it also logs the channel it was sent in.
  
  WoTSTATS stores a discord user's ID upon authentication, channel & role IDs upon use of the /setup_roles or /player_channel commands. And the owner, bot's inviter and guild 
  when the bot is first added.
  
  The bot requests the following specific commands for the following reasons;
    Manage Roles          - Enable functionality of the /setup_roles command
    Manage Channels       - Enable functionality of the /player_channel command
    View Audit Log        - Enable the bot find and message the person that invited the bot with a how-to for first setup.
    Send Message          - Send messages
    Embed Links           - Have links give previews such as in the /rchan response
    Attach Files          - Enable sending of pictures, even within embeds such as the /chart command
    Add Reactions         - To acknowledge certain length commands by adding a reaction to the queuing message
    User External Emojis  - Allow the bot to use custom emotes in responses
    
This application is not endorsed by Wargaming.net in any way.

World of Tanks, Wargaming.net, Youtube, and all associated data sources are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners. Not associated with WoTstats.org, 
we're completely independant projects.

Any futher questions, please contact me via the support server (http://ivork.com/discord) 

~ IVORK (140902977618706432)
  
